Hunting Horn Timer, useful for cheating on Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate.

## Quick start guide

1. open [this page](http://richq.github.io/hhtimer) on your phone
2. load up Monster Hunter on your 3DS
3. pick a hunting horn weapon in the game, like Rinforzato
4. choose the same notes on the timer page, it'll show the song list
5. bash a monster / play some notes <span style="color:purple">♪</span><span style="color:red">♪</span><span style="color:blue">♪</span><span style="color:purple">♪</span>
6. perform a recital with R
7. during the recital, tap the song name on your phone to start the timer

That's it! When the timer runs low, you know you have to replay the song.
When you recite another tune, tap that song name.

## Features/Oddities

The duration of a buff can never go over the initial time.  Playing a
song a second time will only top up its timer, though some songs do add
additional benefits. The additional benefit is not shown in this timer in any
way, however.

Melody Duration Extended is implemented and I think works correctly by boosting
the time of all currently active songs.

## Game-Play Tips

Some songs - like the "Self Improvement" or Attack Boost - have extend periods
that are less than the time the buff lasts the first time you play it.  This
means that if you're almost out of time, it might be worth playing an encore to
get the buff back up to its full time. Usually these songs have boosted effects
when they are played more than once. It's worth trying to avoid having the
effect for these buffs run out completely or you will have to play the song
twice to get back the full effect.

A lot of songs have no advantage to playing encores - Divine Protection and
several of the effect-negation songs are like this.  In these cases there's no
difference between playing the song with near full time left, a few seconds
left, or playing it again once it completely runs out. In other words: try to
avoid spamming songs like these, it is a waste of time and gives no extra
benefit.
